[EDITS]W-11822795-Bot-Recorder-editorial-review (#79)
mulesoft/docs-rpa: rpa-recorder/6.0/modules/ROOT/edits/process-rec-editor.adoc

= Process Recording Editor

If you start the recorder from RPA Builder, you can view the current process BPMN and all new recorded BPMNs by selecting them from the drop-down menu.

> Select a process and click on the *Edit, Merge and Upload Recordings* button (image:edit-process-button.png["Edit, Merge and Upload Recordings button", 2%, 2%]) to open the Process Recording Editor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To open the Process Recording Editor, select a process and click *Edit, Merge and Upload Recordings* (image:edit-process-button.png["Edit, Merge and Upload Recordings button", 2%, 2%]).
```

image:rpa-recorder-home.png[RPA Recorder Home screen]

== Process Recording Editor Panels

The Process Recording Editor consists of two main panels:

* *Automation*
+

> This panel provides a fully integrated BPMN modeler to edit the BPMN of the recording. The previously selected Recording session is automatically loaded into the modeler to start editing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This panel provides a fully integrated BPMN modeler to edit the BPMN of the recording. The previously selected recording session is automatically loaded into the modeler to start editing.
```

* *Documentation*
+
This panel shows the recorded documentation of each activity. Select an element in the *Automation* panel to view its recorded documentation.
+

> The Documentation panel provides a fully integrated text editor. You can edit the documentation of every activity by clicking *Edit*. After editing the documentation, click *Save* to apply the changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Documentation panel provides a fully integrated text editor. To edit the documentation of any activity, click *Edit*. After editing the documentation, click *Save* to apply the changes.
```

image:recorder-editor-panels.png[Process Recording Editor Panels]

== Load BPMNs for Edit and Merge

You can load additional BPMNs into the BPMN modeler:

> . Click the *Load File* (image:load-file-button.png[Load File button, 2%, 2%]) button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click *Load File* (image:load-file-button.png[Load File button, 2%, 2%]).
```

. Select the BPMN or BPMNs you want to add and click *Open*.
+
All recordings are stored in a separate folder per process and recording date.

> . A dialog box opens asking if you want to merge the selected BPMN into the present BPMN in the modeler, or if you want to create a new BPMN with the selected one. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. A dialog asks if you want to merge the selected BPMN into the present BPMN in the modeler, or if you want to create a new BPMN with the selected one. +
```

image:merge-or-create-bpmn.png[ Merge or create new BPMN dialog box]

> . Click *Yes* to merge the selected BPMN into the existing BPMN. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. To merge the selected BPMN into the existing BPMN, click *Yes* . +
```

After the import, you can edit and rearrange the new BPMN via drag and drop.

== Save Edited BPMNs

To save the edited and merged BPMN locally, click *Save*.

> * When saving for the first time, a dialog box opens for you to indicate the BPMN file name, a process variant tag for better identifying the newly created BMPN. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When saving for the first time, a dialog box asks you to indicate the BPMN file name and a process variant tag for better identifying the newly created BMPN. +
```

  image:save-recording-as-dialog.png[Save Recording As dialog box]
  . Click the folder icon to choose a different saving location.
  . Click *Save* to save the BPMN.

> * After saving for the first time, you can click on the *Save* button (image:save-icon.png[Save changes button, 2%, 2%]) to save further changes to the selected filename and destination.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* After saving for the first time, you can click *Save* (image:save-icon.png[Save changes button, 2%, 2%]) to save further changes to the selected filename and destination.
```

> To open the *Save recording as* dialog box again, click the *Save as* button (image:save-icon-dark.png[Save As button, 2%, 2%]) to choose a new name, variant tag and saving destination.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To open the *Save recording as* dialog box again, click *Save as* (image:save-icon-dark.png[Save As button, 2%, 2%]) to choose a new name, variant tag and saving destination.
```

== Upload BPMN to RPA Manager

> After merging and editing the BPMN and documentation, you can upload the new process BMPN by clicking the *Upload to RPA Manager* icon (image:upload-to-server-icon.png[Upload to RPA Manager icon, 2%, 2%]). A message opens confirming that the upload is completed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After merging and editing the BPMN and documentation, click the *Upload to RPA Manager* icon (image:upload-to-server-icon.png[Upload to RPA Manager icon, 2%, 2%] to upload the new process BMPN. A message opens confirming that the upload is completed.
```

> You can then close the Process Recording Editor and RPA Recorder by clicking the *Close* icon (image:close-icon.png[Close icon, 2%, 2%]) in the top right corner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To close the Process Recording Editor and RPA Recorder, click *Close* (image:close-icon.png[Close icon, 2%, 2%]) in the top right corner.
```
